>> Estelle: Then we have clip-path and
shape-outside, so I'm taking this image,
and I'm gonna make a 30,
I'm gonna make it a 30-pixel circle.
The problem is my text is
still all the way over there.
So I was able to change the clip-path or
clip my image using clip-path, And
I use circle but
I could also use ellipse or polygon.
But to make it really cool,
I'm gonna shape the text around it.
So you see how that shape
goes around that circle?
I'm gonna change the image
to an ellipse and
I'm gonna change the text around
to follow that same side.
So what I did is I just
declared a clip-path, and
then I declared en ellipse with
the exact same properties.
I could have made it a slightly different
so that there was more space, or
I could have put padding,
or margin, rather.
Now I'm gonna do a polygon,
which is a triangle.
And again I made the text go outside it.
The thing is you can't actually
put the text over here yet.
So let's do a few more.
I have a cat and
the text is going around it.
And now it's a more triangular shape and
If you wanted to do more complex shapes,
you can actually do a clip path and
give it the URL of an image.
So here I have a heart, and
I basically clip it to match the heart.
So the idea of this heart is here, and
so I made the cat in a shape of a heart.
Here I have my avatar which is the stem
plumber, he's fixing the pipeline,
and i did shape outside of a polygon and
I did clip path polygon.
So I actually used a tool to do this, and
I know better than to try to
make that tool work during
a presentation cuz it always fails
when I try to present with it.
So I said I know better but
I'm gonna do it anyway.
So if I go to Elements,
pick this,
>> Estelle: You can
see that I have the shape outside here and
>> Estelle: I
have this thing called shapes,
I put this extension here
and
>> Estelle: I told you it wouldn't work.
So I have this extension
that allows me to do shapes.
And you can see where the shape is,
right, where it's darker, but
I can never actually get this to work for
me during a presentation.
It does actually work, though.
So it's the shapes editor, and
it's just a Chrome extension.